I also paid the car tax today
Yes I want to take a car inspection
I would like to replace the fender
Painful is I'm hurt because even have time how in the dance performance of this s genuine but
fender
Behind the 9 curl panel
bar
There is a screw
But it is hard to see
Then to
Of the door
One place on the back side
Here
eh
At the same to
fender owler
Stop the fender liner
the same
I'm hurting a little bit
is
Here
2 places in +
Clip At the same plastic
After the front
I think a guitar car behind the bumper
First, remove the panel I Papen
eh
I'm weak in the plastic
It's likely to be the same as breaking and breaking out, while a bit bb
Remove you
Since the front glass will enter playing easy but please be careful not to tear
Remove 9 throws millis
Other parts also
Let alone remove the screw
All I freeze
There is
Of the last side marker
Remove the connector
I will
star
a
Now of the peppe of plastic
Unlike salinity
Indeed the time is also because the anti
So it won't break easily and you will hear corrections easily
The quality of old days is good
The texture is good
Hey you
It marked with paint to a polishing agent 0
Blow down
It's been a while to fix it
I got a little hurt, though
it's no use
Change degree
It can be seen now
In this is to
Well was a battlefield in here
Used fender Why
I'm getting rusty here and there
I don't care
To in this
Emblem
I want to put
On the other side
Mark
Ah ah ah ah
Fashionable
From now on ah
Complete the course
Already
fur
That's what Boo Boo
Char
so
It is an emblem but with a double-sided tape
I will paste it
The real s is behind
Nante or basher like a for Although I Tsukun
Well with double-sided tape is enough
s Let's go c z
On
Miscellaneous feeling It is yesterday that I feel like Chile is wide
It is a specification
I'm getting stuck
Not allowed to temple
engine start
1 minute
The battery is rising
Yes Battery Sazo
In Ha Oh